Mozilla branding removal (#272)
MozillaReality/hubs-docs: docs/setup-custom-client.mdx

```
### done ###

> -rw-r--r--@ 1 username staff {timestamp} ./.retpack/retpack.tar.gz

Reviewer: I believe that what was `mozilla staff` is actually the user and group, so I would put this as either `user group` or `root root` (which is what was shown to me when I ran `bash retpack.sh`).

This is what my terminal printed out:
```
-rw-r--r-- 1 root root 24M Jun  4 03:16 ./.retpack/retpack.tar.gz
```

2. The terminal command may take several minutes to complete depending on the quantity and nature of your customization. **Do not exit the terminal until the upload process has completed.** Once successfully complete, it will return `done, reqId: <unique-ID-string>`. After a few minutes, you should see your customization on your Hub.

> 3. After deploying, try to create a room to verify your customizations have taken place. If you are unable to see your customizations, email [info@hubsfoundation.org](mailto:info@hubsfoundation.org) with the subject line `Hubs Custom Client Deployment Troubleshooting` and a description of your problem.

Reviewer: I would rather not have the raw email address of the Hubs Foundation here.  Usually, we've been URL encoding the email address for things like this, but since this page is probably going to be either deleted or completely rewritten, I would just put in placeholder values for now (also, we probably don't want anyone emailing us for support anyway - they should go to Discord for that).

```suggestion
3. After deploying, try to create a room to verify your customizations have taken place. If you are unable to see your customizations, email [hubs-feedback@example.com](mailto:hubs-feedback@example.com) with the subject line `Hubs Custom Client Deployment Troubleshooting` and a description of your problem.
```
